Mom, whose house is this?
Why haven't I heard you say it before?
This is where Mommy grew up
It is also the wrong life of Mommy in the past
Let's go in and sit for a while and then leave, okay?
Good mommy
Who is this?
Don't you know Brother Song Nan, the fake daughter of the Song family?
A few years ago, my husband caught me cheating and divorced me
He was also kicked out by the Song family
I remember now.
It's so unbelievable
Nice-looking
So much in private
Thank you, haha.
Go ahead then
Good parents
Happy Birthday
Just come back.
I don't lack anything now
I haven't seen you in years
Growing up into a big girl
Is this your child?
Call him Zhaozhao
My son come sit down
Right?
Aunt Wang
Brother Song Nan, why is that Muse in our house?
It was the lady who called the eldest lady back
The lady has been talking about the eldest lady for the past few years
Said he shouldn't have kicked him out in a fit of rage
So I specially called him back for dinner
Brother Song Nan, I am the only daughter of the Song family
What kind of lady is he?
Why have you been so many years?
Still trying to steal my stuff
Song Jia's worth is so high
He came back with the baby today.
Obviously to grab the property
Look how happy his son's nanny is
Can't go on like this?
Just steal my stuff
Baby, let's keep that duck to slow him down once a year
Destroy the second time today
Bad or you are bad
Don't you feel sorry for your ex-wife?
What is he?
You are the most important thing in my heart
My dad is awesome
Don't worry, I'm with him.
Protecting mommy is no problem
Ok ok I believe in you
As long as you live a good life in the future
Stop hanging out with those messy people
I'm relieved, I will.
little guy
You see, this is the long open lock I prepared for you.
Come and take a look
Mingzhu, what are you doing?
Mom, don't be deceived by him again.
Have you forgotten what he did back then?
He's married now.
Certainly not like it used to be
Brother Song Nan, return the child to me